# GPTWPP (GPT-3.5 WhatsApp Proxy Project)

The GPTWPP is an application built with Node.js, Express, Twilio, and OpenAI to enable integration of ChatGPT with WhatsApp. It receives user messages from WhatsApp, sends the messages to ChatGPT using the Twilio API, and returns ChatGPT responses to users via Twilio.

## Overview

The goal of this project is to create a bridge between WhatsApp and ChatGPT, allowing users to interact with ChatGPT through text messages on WhatsApp. Through the Twilio API, user messages are forwarded to the GPTWPP server, which processes them and sends them to the OpenAI API to obtain ChatGPT responses. The responses are then sent back to users via Twilio.

## Prerequisites

Before you can use GPTWPP, you will need the following:

- Twilio Account: You will need a Twilio account to send and receive messages via the Twilio API.
You can sign up for a free account at https://www.twilio.com/try-twilio.
Make sure to understand how Twilio works and obtain your Twilio Account SID, authentication token, and phone number.

- OpenAI Account: You will need an OpenAI account to access the OpenAI API and make requests to ChatGPT.
You can sign up for an account at https://www.openai.com/signup.
Make sure to obtain your OpenAI API key, which will be used as an environment variable in the GPTWPP.

- NGROK (for local testing): If you want to run the project locally for testing, you will need the NGROK application to expose your local server to the internet. Follow the installation instructions for NGROK at https://ngrok.com/docs and configure it properly.

## Installation

Clone this repo and install the dependencies

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/ysmaelmarks/wpp-chatgpt
$ cd wpp-chatgpt
$ npm install
```

Configure the required environment variables.
Create a .env file at the root of the project and set the following environment variables:
```sh
$ OPEN_AI_KEY= [your OpenAI API key]
$ TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID= [your Twilio account SID]
$ TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN= [your Twilio authentication token]
$ TWILIO_PHONE_NUMBER= [your Twilio phone number] ex: 'whatsapp:+xxxxxxxxxxx'
```

If you want to run the project locally, you will need the NGROK application to expose your local server to the internet.
Follow the installation instructions for NGROK at https://ngrok.com/docs and configure it properly.
And then run the server locally:
```sh
$ npm start
```

If you are using NGROK, update the Twilio settings to point to the public URL generated by NGROK.

Alternatively, you can also host the application on render.com or any other hosting provider of your choice, without the need for NGROK.
Make sure to configure the environment variables correctly in the hosting environment.

### Contribution
If you wish to contribute to GPTWPP, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request to the repository. All contributions are welcome!
